com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/AuthorizedDisplay.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AuthorizedDisplay
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AuthorizedDisplay$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/MemAdapter.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.MemAdapter
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.MemAdapter$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.MemAdapter$1$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.MemAdapter$MemViewHolder
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/ui/camera/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSourcePreview
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/UnauthorizedDisplay.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.UnauthorizedDisplay
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.UnauthorizedDisplay$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/OcrDetectorProcessor.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrDetectorProcessor
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/SecurityHome.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.SecurityHome
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/AddMember.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddMember
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddMember$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddMember$2
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddMember$3
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddMember$4
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/ui/camera/CameraSource.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$AutoFocusCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$AutoFocusMoveCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$Builder
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusMoveCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$FlashMode
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$FocusMode
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$PictureCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$PictureDoneCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$PictureStartCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$ShutterCallback
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.CameraSource$SizePair
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/Vehicles.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Vehicles
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/RegisterOrLogin.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.RegisterOrLogin
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/VehicleList.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.VehicleList
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/OcrGraphic.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrGraphic
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/ui/camera/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ui.camera.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/ForgetPW.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ForgetPW
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ForgetPW$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ForgetPW$1$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/Admin.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Admin
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/AuthorizedLog.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AuthorizedLog
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/UnauthorizedLog.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.UnauthorizedLog
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/Register.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Register
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/Update.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Update
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Update$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/Members.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.Members
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/OcrCaptureActivity.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrCaptureActivity
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrCaptureActivity$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrCaptureActivity$2
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrCaptureActivity$CaptureGestureListener
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.OcrCaptureActivity$ScaleListener
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/ScanActivity.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.ScanActivity
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/LogIn.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$1$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$1$2
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$2
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$3
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$4
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$5
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.LogIn$6
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/SplashScreen.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.SplashScreen
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.SplashScreen$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/memberList.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.memberList
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.memberList$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/CapturedPage.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.CapturedPage
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.CapturedPage$1
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.BuildConfig
com/google/android/gms/samples/vision/ocrreader/AddVehicle.java
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddVehicle
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddVehicle$1
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddVehicle$2
 com.google.android.gms.samples.vision.ocrreader.AddVehicle$3
